1. Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

    HTTP : HTTP stands for HyperText Transfer Protocol. 
	   This protocol acts as a Interface between the Computers and Servers to request and send the information.
           It is one of the important in developing Web Applications. For Example : If user request a website from the browser, the               
           browser sends the HTTP request to the corresponding server and it sends back HTTP response to the user's browser in any    
           format like Text,Image,etc.
    
    Difference Between HTTP1.1 and HTTP2

1. HTTP1.1 : It was created on 1997
 
   HTTP2   : It was created on 2015

2. HTTP1.1 : It works based on Text format.

   HTTP2   : It works based on Binary Protocol.

3. HTTP1.1 : It is Slower and not efficient than HTTP2
  
   HTTP2   : It is much faster and efficient than HTTP1.1

4. HTTP1.1 : It loads resources one after the other, So if one resource is blocked the remaining resources is also Blocked.

   HTTP2   : It uses single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that if one resource is blocked it does not   
             affects the remaining resources. This is achieved by splitting data into Binary code messages and numbering those so that   
             which resource each binary message belongs to.
             
5. HTTP1.1 : In this server only serves content to a client device if the client asks for it.

   HTTP2   : In this the server "push" content to a client before the client asks for it. 

6. HTTP1.1 : This uses compression in HTTP messages to make the file smaller which results in faster loading of webpages.
 
   HTTP2   : This uses advanced compression method called HPACK that reduces redundant information in HTTP header     
             packets for the faster loading of webpages.

7. HTTP1.1 : The client sends a request to the server and the server sends back the response to the client.

   HTTP2   : The protocol called Secured Remote Protocol 2 is used for secured connection between the client and the server.

8. HTTP1.1 : HTTP 1.1 cannot handle buffer overflow vulnerabilities due to the lack of sufficient measures.
 
   HTTP2   : HTTP 2 includes measures to prevent buffer overflow vulnerabilities.

      

           




